						March 11, 2003

Please read the Release Notes carefully.  This is a beta release
with features for Explicit VR Transfer Syntaxes, including
those with encapsulated pixels.  This has only
been tested with a few applications.  If you want to use the image
archive, do not use this release. Or, use this release after
you have tested thoroughly the behavior in your environment.

Welcome to the DICOM software produced by the Mallinckrodt Institute of
Radiology (MIR) under contract to the Radiological Society of North America.
Copyright notice and terms and conditions for the use of this software
are found in the file "copyright" in this directory and in all source
code files.

This is version 3.0.6 of the software.  The release notes
on our web page contain the changes for this release.

If you are retrieving the software from an ftp server, you should
have a file ctn-3.0.6.tar.Z.  This is a tar file that has been compressed
with unix compress.  Uncompress and untar the file.  We have
also included the software in ctn-3.0.6.zip.  The contents
are the same as the tar file.

Documentation is found in the "doc" directory (stored in postscript).
You may decide to print the installation instructions first,
found in doc/installation.ps.  There is a script in that directory
(print_docs) which prints all of the documentation.  All you need to do
is supply a printer name.  There will be nearly 500 pages of documentation.

Note: Our ftp site maintains a "doc" directory in case you want to
  retrieve individual documents before you obtain the entire distribution.
  The distribution file also contains the same doc directory with postscript
  documents.

Documents are also found in pdf format in the same directory.
Use a web browswer to open the file doc_index.html.  It
has the links to the pdf documents.

Discussion of this implementation and of DICOM related issues
is publicized in several ways.  The newsgroup comp.protocols.dicom
was established to handle DICOM related issues, including RSNA
demonstrations.

Bug reports should be sent to
	dicom_bugs@wuerl.wustl.edu
We will repair bugs as time permits.
